1) What is Truffle?
Answer  -  Truffle Suite is a development enviornment, forTesting framework and asset pipeline for   Ethereum Blockchain, it used to develop DApps (Decentralized Applications).
Truffle is a one-stop solution for building DApps:
--> Compiling Contracts
--> Deploying Contracts
--> Injecting the conntracts into a web app
--> Creating front-end for DApps and Testing.
Truffle has three components
Truffle: for compiling smart contract by code -- truffle compile, but first you need to set up npm on your computer, and then for install,  npm install -g truffle 
Ganache: it is a personal Ethereum Blockchain used to test smart contracts where you can deploy contracts and develop applications, run tests and perform other tasks without any cost.
Drizzle : it is a collection of libraries used to create easy and better front-end for Ethereum DApps.

2) What is Ganache?
Answer - :Ganache is a tool to set up your own local Ethereum Blockchain that you  can use to deploy and test your smart contract or DApps before launching them on authentic Blockchain.
Ganache allows you to set up local Ethereum Blockchain to test your DApps in a safe enviornment.
Ganache enables developers to avoid paying unnecessary gas fees during the developing process.
 Ganache helps you in setting up a personal Ethereum Blockchain used to test smart contracts where you can deploy contracts and develop applications, run tests and perform other tasks without any cost on a local network.
Ganache can help developers save both money and time.

3) Demonstrate the installation process of Truffle suite and display
the current version of Truffle installed in your computer.
Answer - to install Truffle suite first we need to open command prompt.
next we run the command, npm install -g truffle
 

-g refers that we are installing that package globally .
before running the command we check the node is installed or not by running the command
node version.
 
To check whether Truffle Package is installed , we need to run command:
truffle version
 
Successfully installed truffle package. v5.10.2 


4) Demonstrate the process of unboxing metacoin project and
explore the project structure by explaining the items briefly.
Answer - we can create a bare project template , but for making the example applications and project we use Truffle boxes. We use Metacoin box, which creates a token that can be transferred between accounts.
Step 1
Creating a new directory for your Truffle project :
mkdir Metacoin
cd Metacoin
 

Step 2
Download "Unbox" the Metacoin box by commands:
truffle unbox metacoin
 

with no smart contract included we need:
truffle init
 

Step 3
Once the operation of downloading the truffle project metacoin is finished, we will have a project structure with the following items:
Metacoin / 
  contracts/  -->It is a directory for solidity contracts.
migrations/ --> Directory for scriptable deployment files.
test/ --> Directory for test files for testing our application and contrats.
 

 

